♪ ♪
>> Tucker: UFOs HAVE
CAPTIVATED THE PUBLIC INTEREST
FOR DECADES, BUT ALWAYS
DISMISSED INCLUDING BY ME AS THE
PROVENANCE OF WACKOS.
BUT THAT IS CHANGING THINGS TO
SOME REMARKABLE VIDEOTAPE AND
FIRST-HAND ACCOUNTS FROM VERY
SOBER PEOPLE WHO ARE TRAINED TO
IDENTIFY AIRCRAFT.
THAT WOULD INCLUDE THIS VIDEO.
IT SHOWS TWO NAVY PILOTS
ENCOUNTERING SOMETHING BIZARRE
OFF OF THE EAST COAST OF THE
UNITED STATES.
WATCH THIS.
>> I APOLOGIZE.
>> [LAUGHS]
>> ROGER, THEY ARE SHOOTING TO.
>> [BLEEP] IS THIS THING?
>> I TOOK IT ON RETURN.
>> OH, MY GOSH, MAN.
>> WHAT IS THAT?
>> Tucker: THESE ARE GUYS THAT
FLY FOR A LIVING THAT KNOW WHAT
OTHER AIRPLANES LOOK LIKE
INCLUDING THOSE MAINTAINED BY
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT.
THIS IS ONE AMONG MANY INCIDENTS
LIKE IT INCLUDING MANY THAT HAVE
HAPPENED IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
DAY TO SOBER PEOPLE.
LOTS OF INDEPENDENT WITNESSES AT
THE SAME EVENT.
COMMERCIAL PILOTS, MILITARY
PILOTS IN THE AFTERNOON.
NONE OF THEM HAVE OBVIOUS
EXPLANATIONS.
THESE ARE AIRCRAFT'S APPARENTLY
THAT ARE MOVING IN WAYS THAT
APPEAR TO VIOLATE PHYSICS AND
FROM ANY OTHER AIRCRAFT EVER
OBSERVED AND WAY FASTER THAN ANY
PLANE THAT WE KNOW ANY FOREIGN
COUNTRY HAS.
WHAT IS THIS?
WE DO NOT KNOW, BECAUSE FOR SOME
REASON THE DEFENSE DEPARTMENT IS
NOT INTERESTED IN FINDING OUT.
LOU ELIZONDO, A FORMER ASSISTANT
OF RESEARCHING UFOs, THE DOD
IS NOT TAKING THIS SERIOUSLY.
TO JOINS US TONIGHT.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
DID I OVERSTATE THAT?
IS THERE A CORPORATE OF
EVIDENCE, NOT DRUNK PEOPLE ON A
ROAD AT 3:00 IN THE MORNING, BUT
SOBER MILITARY PILOT SAYING THAT
THERE IS SOMETHING THAT WE
CANNOT EXPLAIN?
>> THAT IS CORRECT, INDIVIDUALS
THAT HAVE HIGH SECURITY
CLEARANCES, TRAINED OBSERVERS,
WE HAVE PAID THEM AND PUT THEM
THROUGH SCHOOLS TO BE TRAINED.
SCRUTINIZING WHAT THEY ARE
SEEING.
THESE ARE INDIVIDUALS WHO WE
TRUST TO FLY WEAPONS PLATFORM,
SOMETIMES WITH LIVE AMMUNITION
OVER U.S. CITIES AND TO FIGHTS
AND WIN WARS ON OUR BEHALF.
THEY ARE REPORTING THAT THEY ARE
SEEING SOMETHING THAT THEY
CANNOT EXPLAIN.
ALSO BACKED UP BY THE VIDEO
EVIDENCE AND THE RADAR DATA.
AND OTHER WITNESSES AS WELL.
>> Tucker: THESE ARE NOT
WEATHER BALLOONS, RIGHT?
>> WEATHER BALLOONS THAT ARE
EXPRESSING TECHNOLOGIES THAT ARE
FAR BEYOND OUR CURRENT
UNDERSTANDING OF AERODYNAMICS.
THINGS THAT ARE MANEUVERING IN
WAYS THAT NO AIRCRAFT THAT WE
ARE CURRENTLY AWARE OF HAS THAT
CAPABILITY TWO.
FLIGHT PERFORMANCE
CHARACTERISTICS THAT ARE WELL
BEYOND THE THRESHOLD OF WHAT WE
WOULD CONSIDER NORMAL OR ROUTINE
FOR AIRCRAFT.
>> Tucker: NO FLIGHT SERVICES,
NO WINGS OR ANYTHING APPROACHING
A WING COULD ALSO NO OBVIOUS
PROPULSION.
INFRARED DOES NOT PICK UP ANY
JET TRAIL OR ROCKET EXHAUST
COMING OUT OF THESE THINGS?
>> OR PLUME.
THERE ARE MANY WAYS TO HAVE
PROPULSION.
YOU CAN DO IT WITH A GIANT
ENGINE PROPELLER OR ROCKET
ENGINE.
IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE YOU HAVE
OBJECTS THAT ARE DOING THINGS,
MANEUVERING IN WAYS WITHOUT ANY
OBVIOUS SIGN OF PROPULSION.
AND DEFYING THE NATURAL EFFECTS
OF EARTH'S GRAVITATIONAL --
>> Tucker: AT WHAT SPEED?
>> SOME ARE VERY, VERY FAST.
>> Tucker: FASTER THAN OUR
AIRCRAFT?
>> ABSOLUTELY, HYPERSONIC SPEEDS
AND WITHOUT SIGNS OR SIGNATURES
INVOLVED, WHEN IT IS MOVING
THROUGH THE ATMOSPHERE, YOU
WOULD EXPECTED TO HAVE CERTAIN
SIGNATURES ASSOCIATED WITH THAT
PARTICULAR AIRCRAFT WHETHER A
DISMISSAL, ROCKET, YOU MIGHT SEE
A HEAT SIGNATURE COMING FROM IT.
OR IONIZATION OF THE ATMOSPHERE.
YOU MIGHT HEAR A SONIC BOOM.
WHICH YOU NORMALLY WOULD, AND
ACOUSTIC SIGNATURE.
IN THIS PARTICULAR CASE, THEY DO
NOT HAVE ANY OF THOSE.
>> Tucker: WE KNOW THAT THEY
ARE NOT U.S. MILITARY, BECAUSE
THEY WOULD NOT BE FLYING NEAR
U.S. MILITARY AIRCRAFT AS THEY
SO OFTEN HAVE.
AND IT SEEMS LIKE WE WOULD KNOW
IF FOREIGN COUNTRIES HAVE THIS
KNOWLEDGE.
I'VE NO IDEA WHAT IT IS PAID TO
THE BOTTOM LINE IS THAT THIS IS
A POTENTIAL THREAT, A GREAT ONE